docs(em): fix netplan ipv6 config (#3542)
scaleway/docs-content: bare-metal/elastic-metal/how-to/configure-ipv6-hypervisor.mdx

<Message type="tip">
  The DNS cache server (nameserver) may be different depending on the physical location of your server. Refer to our [network information documentation](/console/account/reference-content/scaleway-network-information/#dns-cache-servers) to find the IPv6 addresses to use with your machine.
</Message>

<Macro id="requirements" />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/)
- [Owner](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization
- An [Elastic Metal server](/bare-metal/elastic-metal/how-to/create-server/) with a hypervisor (Proxmox) installed on it
- A [flexible IPv6](/bare-metal/elastic-metal/how-to/order-flexible-ip/)
- A [virtual MAC address](/bare-metal/elastic-metal/how-to/add-virtual-mac-address/)

## Finding your IPv6 gateway

1. Log into your virtual machine using SSH.

2. Identify your network interface:
   ```sh
   ip a
   ```
   Take note of your network interface name (e.g., `ens18`).

3. Find your IPv6 gateway:
   ```sh
   ip -6 route
   ```

>    Look for the line that specifies the default route, which will resemble:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Look for the line that specifies the default route. It should look like the following:
```

          accept-ra: no
          addresses:
            - FLEXIBLE_IPv4/32
            - "FLEXIBLE_IPv6/64"
          routes:
            - to: 0.0.0.0/0
              via: 62.210.0.1
              on-link: true
            - to: "::/0"
              via: "LINK_LOCAL_IPv6_GATEWAY"
              on-link: true
          nameservers:
            addresses:
              - 51.159.47.28
              - 51.159.47.26
    ```
    Replace `FLEXIBLE_IPv4`, `FLEXIBLE_IPv6`, and `LINK_LOCAL_IPv6_GATEWAY` with your actual IP addresses.

3. Apply the configuration:
    ```sh
    sudo netplan apply
    ```

## Debian

1. Edit the network interfaces file:
    ```sh
    sudo nano /etc/network/interfaces
    ```

2. Configure the network interface:
    ```sh
    auto ens18
    iface ens18 inet static
      address FLEXIBLE_IPv4
      netmask 255.255.255.255
      gateway 62.210.0.1
    iface ens18 inet6 static
      address FLEXIBLE_IPv6
      netmask 64
      gateway LINK_LOCAL_IPv6_GATEWAY
    ```
    Replace `FLEXIBLE_IPv4`, `FLEXIBLE_IPv6`, and `LINK_LOCAL_IPv6_GATEWAY` with your actual IP addresses.

3. Set the DNS resolver:
    ```sh
    sudo nano /etc/resolv.conf
    ```

>     Add the following lines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 4. Add the following lines, then save and exit the file.
```

    ```
    nameserver 51.159.47.28
    nameserver 51.159.47.26
    ```

> 4. Activate the network configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Activate the network configuration:
```

    IPV6INIT=yes
    PEERDNS=yes
    TYPE=Ethernet
    NETMASK=255.255.255.255
    IPADDR=FLEXIBLE_IPv4
    IPV6ADDR=FLEXIBLE_IPv6
    GATEWAY=62.210.0.1
    DNS1=51.159.47.28
    DNS2=51.159.47.26
    ARP=yes
    HWADDR=virtual:mac:address
    ```
    Replace `FLEXIBLE_IPv4`, `FLEXIBLE_IPv6`, and `virtual:mac:address` with your actual IP addresses and MAC address.

3. Bring up the network interface:
    ```sh
    sudo ifup ens18
    ```

> 4. Find the IPv6 Gateway:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Find the IPv6 gateway:
```

   ```sh
   ip -6 route
   ```

## Debugging configuration issues

If your IPv6 configuration does not work as expected, follow these steps to troubleshoot:

1. Check the interface configuration:
   ```sh
   ip a
   ip route
   ip -6 route
   ```

2. Run a ping test:
   ```sh
   ping6 google.com
   ```

3. Check the DNS resolution:
   ```sh
   dig google.com
   dig -6 google.com
   ```

4. Review your network logs:
   ```sh
   sudo journalctl -u systemd-networkd
   ```

5. Restart network services:
   ```sh
   sudo systemctl restart systemd-networkd
   ```

> 6. Verify Link-Local Address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Verify the link-local address:
```
